The book is in front of the table.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
She did her best to help him.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.